{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Crewel embroidery Kashmir.\cf4 \
The most celebrated of traditional 
\f1\b Kashmiri
\f0\b0  handicrafts is embroidery. A special kind of embroidery done with a pointed hook used for drapery and upholstery is known as 
\f1\b crewel
\f0\b0 . Because of the high quality of embroidery done on wall hangings and rugs, 
\f1\b Kashmiri crewel
\f0\b0 -work is in great demand throughout the world. \cf0 Crewel embroidery is a fascinating needle art. Typically done in thin wool thread on linen or cotton fabric, crewel work provides a texture not seen in silk or cotton embroidery. A special kind of embroidery done with a pointed hook used for drapery and upholstery is known as crewel. Because of the high quality of embroidery done on wall hangings and rugs, Kashmiri crewel-work is in great demand throughout the world. Crewel is basically similar to chain stitch, done on a white background, though here the motifs, mainly styled flowers, do not cover the entire surface, and the background is not embroidered upon. Wool is almost invariably used in crewel-work and colour schemes are not as elaborate as in chain stitch.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \ul \ulc0 SHIPPING INFO:-\cb3 \ulnone  Dispatched in a maximum of 6 business days.\cb1 \
}